Recommended install location in README.md (#18)
bsmn/bsmn-pipeline: README.md

This pipeline can be run in any cluster system using SGE job scheduler. I would recommend set your own cluster in AWS using AWS ParallelCluster.

## AWS ParallelCluster

> For installoing and setting up parallelcluster, please see the [`Getting Started Guide`](https://aws-parallelcluster.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started.html) for AWS ParallelCluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For installing and setting up `parallelcluster`, please see the [`Getting Started Guide`](https://aws-parallelcluster.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started.html) for AWS ParallelCluster.
```

Reviewer: Hi @attilagk can you approve this suggestion?

## Installing pipeline

> Clone bsmn_pipeline where you want it installed in your cluster.  For example, if you work with an m5.large type AWS EC2 instance we recommend the file systems mounted at `/shared` or `/efs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone this repository where you want it installed in your cluster:

```
https://github.com/bsmn/bsmn-pipeline.git
```

If you work with an m5.large type AWS EC2 instance we recommend the file systems mounted at `/shared` or `/efs`.
```

Reviewer: Hi @attilagk can you approve this suggestion?
